now this is the genealogy of the sons of
Noah Shem ham and Japheth and sons were
born to them after the flood the sons of
Japheth where go MA
Megha may die Javan tubal Meshech and
Tyrus the sons of Goma were Ashkenazi
rifle and Tagami
the sons of jayven were elijah Tarshish
kitten and
doden him from these the coast land
peoples of the gentiles were separated
into their lands everyone according to
his language according to their families
into their nations the sons of ham were
cush Mizraim put and Canaan the sons of
cush were Seba Havilah Sapta rama and
septic ax and the sons of rama were
sheba and dedan
cush begat Nimrod he began to be a
mighty one on the earth he was a mighty
hunter before the Lord therefore it is
said like nimrod the mighty hunter
before the Lord and the beginning of his
kingdom was babel erech accad and calneh
in the land of China from that land he
went to Assyria and built nineveh
Rehoboth ear kala and recent between
Nineveh and kala that is the principal
city misra M begat udin anonym lehayim
Nath Coonan path loosen and casts knew
him from whom came the Philistines and
cafetorium canaan begat Sidon his
firstborn
and Hef the Jebusite the amorite and the
girgashite the highlight the are kite
and the cyanides the Arvid ight the
seller right and the Hema fight
afterward the families of the Canaanites
were dispersed and the border of the
Canaanites was from sidon as you go
towards gila as far as Gaza then as you
go toward sodom gomorrah admah zu Boehm
and as far as leesia these were the sons
of ham according to their families
according to their languages in their
lands and in their nations and the
children were born also to Shem the
father of all the children of Eber the
brother of Japheth the elder the sons of
Shem were Elam Asha
Arphaxad Lud and Aaron the sons of Aaron
were as hull kefir and mash effects ed
begat sail and sailor begat Eber to Eber
were born two sons the name of one was
Peleg for in his days the earth was
divided and his brother's name was
Joktan jarton forgot al-mu dad
Sheila's has a May faith JIRA her Durham
user Dikhhla mobile abimael
Sheba Bopha hvala and Juba all these
were the sons of joktan and their
dwelling place was from Missha as you go
towards sefa the mountain of the east
these were the sons of Shem according to
their families according to their
languages in their lands according to
their Nations these were the families of
the sons of Noah according to their
generations in their nations and from
these the nations were divided on the
earth after the flood
[Music]